# comp20-smiller

1) The purpose of this Git repository is to keep track of changes made in a group of files and folders.

2) My favorite assignment was assignment 3 - I really liked writing the server side stuff. It made a lot of sense to me. Also, I like understanding the behind-the-scenes of why things work and I think server side shows more of that. 

3) I think I have grown a lot since the beginning of this semester. I learned to figure out more things on my own, and I sparked an interest to do things on my own outside of classwork. I think the skills I learned in this class will help me in doing some kind of cool summer project. 

4) The most important thing I learned in this class was how to understand other people's code and their documentation of it. For most of the assignments and labs, I did not come into the task knowing how to do everything. One example is assignment 2. At first, I copy and pasted some of your code to get the assignment going, but I had to read through it and understand what everything did before I was able to add on the things necessary for the assignment. Specifically, I had to understand how XMLHttpRequest worked and what functions I needed to run to obtain necessary data. Another example is with the final project. Although we are not finished yet, because our project is a compilation of various APIs, I constantly have to parse through documentation and understand how the creators of the code I want to use want me to use it. For the Facebook API, we had to get keys and include them in our main JS file, for the weather API we had to go through a tutorial to make the widget, etc. I don't particularly like depending on other people's code, although it is unavoidable to some extent. 

5) This course made me realize that I don't think I'm very interested in front end development. I might like to delve deeper into server side stuff, but ultimately I want to work very low level, probably just on how computers work (not the internet and stuff). I think that understanding how a computer fundamentally works will make it easier for me to understand how everything else works. I would like to understand how computers communicate with each other. I think I also want to learn more about security - I'm going to try to take your security course sometime before I graduate. 
